✨ amp-story-shopping Allow custom cta-text attribute (#38101)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-story-shopping/amp-story-shopping.md

<img alt="theme" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3860311/161297644-f25837e0-82ec-4960-a219-edfaf7d09fd9.png"
layout="intrinsic" width="800" height="135">

#### `cta-text` {string} optional

> Sets the CTA Text for the shopping attachment page outlink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the Call To Action text for the shopping attachment page outlink.
```

Author: There are multiple CTAs in this file - I went ahead and changed all of them to Call To Action.

> Sets the Call To Action Text for the shopping attachment page outlink.

Reviewer 2: We need to mention that it's a button and what the default is.
This can be symmetric with the copy in the [page-attachment docs](https://github.com/processprocess/amphtml/blob/main/extensions/amp-story-page-attachment/amp-story-page-attachment.md#cta-text-optional).

`String that customizes the call to action button text. The default is "Shop now".`
